---
title: Adadruit Group Buy June 2016
author: Nicole Schwartz
date: 2016-06-06
layout: post
---

Adafruit Group Buy

Hacksburg is organizing a group buy from [Adafruit Industries](https://www.adafruit.com/). The idea is that you pick out what you want and we put it on the list to order. Payment will be due when the order is placed.

Details

Adafruit has a hackerspace discount that Hacksburg has qualified for. If Hacksburg places an order of $250 or more (before shipping), we can get a discount on select goods. The discount varies by item, but typically is 20% of retail price. Not everything gets a discount – most test equipment, 3D printers and supplies, and dev boards don't, for instance. But many components, Arduino shields, displays, sensors, and accessories do get the discount.

Timeline

  * Now-June 10: Potential buyers get their orders in.
  * June 10, 5PM EDT: Deadline for new orders. Google doc is locked, and items are checked for availability.
  * June 17, 7:30 PM EDT: Adafruit finalization meeting. Confirmed buyers come to Hacksburg to finalize orders and pay. Adafruit order is placed that night.
  * Late June/Early July: Order arrives at Hacksburg and is divided by buyer; buyers notified to pick up orders at the next Hacksburg meeting.

The List

In order to save a bunch of headache, the list will be on Google Drive. Here's how you can place items to order:

  * Go [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1kYwiL8VUUjOhwPp4ukG80Gye57XLzWO85eTOlvPCW0w/edit#gid=353455354) to access the Google spreadsheet for the items.
  * Make a duplicate of the “Template” worksheet, and rename it to your name.
  * Check out the Adafruit website to see what you want.
  * For each item you want, enter it in the spreadsheet. Please only fill out the Item Number, Description, and Quantity fields; leave the other fields as-is.
  * The spreadsheet will be locked at 5 PM EDT on June 10; no further buyers will be taken at that time, unless we are under the $250 limit.
