---
title: Classes
author: Nicole Schwartz
date: 2016-11-30
layout: post
---

Hello!

My name is Nicole Schwartz and I am a board member for Hacksburg. I wanted to tell you about some upcoming events.

We're your neighbors in the CRC (Corporate Research Center) at 2200 Kraft Drive, Suite 1475, Blacksburg, VA Hacksburg is Blacksburg’s first makerspace. A makerspace is just your dream garage, at a fraction of the cost, and full of smart people. We are a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization consisting members (Open to anyone 18+) who can join for one month to one year at a time. Our space, which is accessible 24/7 to members, has a large assortment of tools and equipment that members can use to do their own projects, and also allows members to bounce ideas off of one another making working in the shop more fun. We also host many classes, that are open to the public, on a variety of topics through the year. 

Please come out and meet us at one of our upcoming events and do keep us in mind for end of year [donations](https://wiki.hacksburg.org/donate), we are very happy to take in kind donations of working tools and equipment or money as a 501(c)(3)non profit charitable organization. 

December 6 (actually every Tuesday) at 7:30 we have our weekly meeting, open to the public, followed by our work session, open to the public. Everyone is welcome to stop by and get a tour, work on a project or bounce ideas around! 

Dec 11 at 1pm-4pm we will be hosting an open house, stop in to get a tour of our space, some tea or coco, and be able to ask any questions about our organization. This is open to everyone! 

Dec 13 at 7:30, following out meeting, we will be having our Tool Tuesday presentation on using the metal lathe in the shop. This is open to everyone! 

If you would like more information
[our website](http://hacksburg.org/)
[how to donate](https://wiki.hacksburg.org/donate)
[contact us](http://hacksburg.org/contact.html)
[event calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=hacksburg.org_qtuisjndp6q1jjebup2biu66uk%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America/New_York)
